misc: changelog for release 6.7.2 (#3717)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 6.7.2

> - [browser] ref: Log which request type has been limited (#3687)
> - [nextjs] test: Pin next v10 to integration tests (#3692)
> - [core]: fix: Do not track sessions if not enabled (#3686)
> - [postcss] build: bump postcss from 7.0.35 to 7.0.36 (#3684)
> - [nextjs] feat: Auto enable node http integration on server (#3675)
> - [nextjs] ref: Split up config code and add tests (#3693)
> - [nextjs] fix: Correctly handle functional next config in `withSentryConfig` (#3698)
> - [nextjs] fix: Fix conflict with other libraries modifying webpack `entry` property (#3703)
> - [nextjs] deps: Update @sentry/webpack-plugin to 1.15.1 in @sentry/nextjs (#3708) 
> - [core] ref: Make `beforeSend` more strict
> - [core] fix: Prevent sending terminal status session updates (#3701)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [core] fix: Do not track sessions if not enabled (#3686)
- [core] fix: Prevent sending terminal status session updates (#3701)  
- [core] ref: Make `beforeSend` more strict (#3713)
- [browser] ref: Log which request type has been limited (#3687)
- [nextjs] feat: Auto enable node http integration on server (#3675)
- [nextjs] fix: Correctly handle functional next config in `withSentryConfig` (#3698)
- [nextjs] fix: Fix conflict with other libraries modifying webpack `entry` property (#3703)
- [nextjs] fix: Update @sentry/webpack-plugin to 1.15.1 in @sentry/nextjs to resolve build timeouts issue (#3708) 
- [nextjs] ref: Split up config code and add tests (#3693)
```
